frequently-asked-questions-faq.md, before:

---
description: >-
  These are some of the most frequently asked questions about hosting a Hack
  Day. If your question isn't listed here, feel free to email us at
  hackdays@mlh.io.
---

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### Where do I apply?

You apply through OrganizerHQ. Here's a direct link: [organize.mlh.io/host/google-gemini-hack-days](https://organize.mlh.io/host/google-gemini-hack-days)

### When should I apply?

You can apply to host a Hack Day at the idea/concept stage! We welcome events at all different stages of planning. Our team will help you host a fantastic Hack Day regardless of how far into the planning process you are.

### What if my event is 24 hours long?

Hack Days are currently geared for events that are 12 hours or less. If you're planning a longer hackathon, it might make more sense to apply for full [MLH Event Membership](https://mlh.link/member-event-application). Email us at league@mlh.io or hackdays@mlh.io if you need help!&#x20;

### Can my event be held digitally?

At this time, we are only supporting Hack Days that are hosted in person. We recommend hosting your Hack Day in venues such as classrooms, lecture halls, libraries, and coworking spaces to avoid booking fees.

### What can I spend my funding on?

In general, you should spend the funding on meals, snacks, and beverages for the event. See Reimbursements for more thorough guidelines.&#x20;

### If registration is already open for my event, do I still need to use MLH's OrganizerHQ platform?

We will work with events on a case-by-case basis. Start an application and send us an email.

### How many people should I target for my event?

The more the merrier! Remember that we're only able to reimburse Hack Days for up to a maximum of 50 checked-in hackers.&#x20;

### Will I get help putting on my event?

Yes! Our goal is to make hosting a Hack Day simple. We want anyone to be able to bring their community together, regardless of whether you have prior organizing experience or not.

### **Is this only for students?**

Not at all! Hack Days are open to everyone, including professionals / non-students!

### **Does my Hack Day need to have a specific theme?**

Nope! Your event can have any theme you like. We provide an opt-in prize for our partners at your event, like “Best Use of Google Gemini,” but you’re welcome to add your own themes and prizes.

### Who should I contact with further questions?

Please send us an email at hackdays@mlh.io!

Commit message:

Add FAQ on hosting frequency for Hack Days
Added a new FAQ about hosting frequency for Hack Days.

frequently-asked-questions-faq.md, after:

---
description: >-
  These are some of the most frequently asked questions about hosting a Hack
  Day. If your question isn't listed here, feel free to email us at
  hackdays@mlh.io.
---

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### Where do I apply?

You apply through OrganizerHQ. Here's a direct link: [organize.mlh.io/host/google-gemini-hack-days](https://organize.mlh.io/host/google-gemini-hack-days)

### When should I apply?

You can apply to host a Hack Day at the idea/concept stage! We welcome events at all different stages of planning. Our team will help you host a fantastic Hack Day regardless of how far into the planning process you are.

### What if my event is 24 hours long?

Hack Days are currently geared for events that are 12 hours or less. If you're planning a longer hackathon, it might make more sense to apply for full [MLH Event Membership](https://mlh.link/member-event-application). Email us at league@mlh.io or hackdays@mlh.io if you need help!&#x20;

### Can my event be held digitally?

At this time, we are only supporting Hack Days that are hosted in person. We recommend hosting your Hack Day in venues such as classrooms, lecture halls, libraries, and coworking spaces to avoid booking fees.

### What can I spend my funding on?

In general, you should spend the funding on meals, snacks, and beverages for the event. See Reimbursements for more thorough guidelines.&#x20;

### If registration is already open for my event, do I still need to use MLH's OrganizerHQ platform?

We will work with events on a case-by-case basis. Start an application and send us an email.

### How many people should I target for my event?

The more the merrier! Remember that we're only able to reimburse Hack Days for up to a maximum of 50 checked-in hackers.&#x20;

### Will I get help putting on my event?

Yes! Our goal is to make hosting a Hack Day simple. We want anyone to be able to bring their community together, regardless of whether you have prior organizing experience or not.

### **Is this only for students?**

Not at all! Hack Days are open to everyone, including professionals / non-students!

### **Does my Hack Day need to have a specific theme?**

Nope! Your event can have any theme you like. We provide an opt-in prize for our partners at your event, like “Best Use of Google Gemini,” but you’re welcome to add your own themes and prizes.

### How often can I host a Hack Day?
You may host one Hack Day per partner sponsor per semester. For example, you are welcome to organize both a Google Gemini Hack Day and a MongoDB Hack Day in the same semester, but you cannot host two Google Gemini Hack Days within that same timeframe.

### Who should I contact with further questions?

Please send us an email at hackdays@mlh.io!
